I started this episode and it felt like
it wasn't even 20 minutes it felt like
it was like five minutes at the maximum
when I sat down to watch this episode of
Moria the Virgin Witch and the only
series that actually repeatedly does
this to me weekly is parasite that's
quite the compliment I have for Mario
the version of which because that's how
much I enjoyed this episode sitting back
and watching it because just getting to
see the war going on getting to see what
was happening to Marya in this episode
of how she got speared almost oh dude
and just the overall progression of the
episode getting to see the priests
perspective as he's walking and he's
thinking about all the things going on
around him I mean just so many little
scenes in this episode that just made it
so entertaining and I will once again
express this Mari the Virgin which is
one of the best series from this anime
season it is because it's a series that
just it's a hidden gem you don't expect
it to be good especially with the title
called Moria the Virgin Witch and if
once again every single episode it
continues to dish out this amazing plot
these amazing characters amazing
progression great music and just great
turn of events in shocking revelations
going on like golfer he gets his freakin
arm taken out in this I wasn't like I
didn't expect that I mean he goes off it
kills his boss and stabs him and all
that in the throat and at first I was
like why the hell like did he kill my
Chi I'm just caught by surprise when I
saw him stab his own boss and I looked
up the term that his boss used I think
it was calm or something like that I
think that's how you say it I'm probably
mispronouncing it but the term that his
boss used against him was like a racist
type term he used against golf ax and so
a golfer got pissed and stabbed him and
killed him so I kind of understand now
after looking up that term but I just
I'm kind of shocked he killed his own
boss and then insta karma came around
and he got his arm taking off my canon
law so yeah I mean he had that coming I
mean you kill your boss you're gonna
lose an arm
so he had it coming the thing is though
I wonder what is really gonna happen
with golfer's character because with the
episode he was kept alive the priest
actually goes out of his way to use the
best medicine and
medical health that he can possibly
offer this dude to Hill his honor make
sure he's back up and working again and
stuff like that probably to use him to
take down Moria but I wonder how he is
going to progress individually as a
character is he going to follow the
church and do what they say or is he
going to take his own path and is he
gonna try to help out his fellow friend
that saved his life once before I mean
I'm very curious to see it what
direction his character is going to take
through the journey of this series and
there's something I actually have to ask
real quick
does anyone know how many episodes this
is I mean I could have sworn four is it
an episode count yeah like imma checking
on my anime list in quite a while
and I wonder if this series there's
going to be 24 episodes or not because
if this is only gonna be like twelve
episodes I wonder how I'm really gonna
settle it in a very good timeframe
because this is episode 7 and that would
give us you know like five episode six
at the max it's like 13 so so I wonder
how they're gonna settle all these
little qualms poised all these little
character interactions like with cirno's
to the priests to golf or all these
other characters are getting development
with these witches - which guild and
stuff like that I wonder how they're
going to develop this without making it
seem rather forced or rushed or maybe
well you might get a season two that
would be really good because I like this
series quite a bit but getting into the
details of this episode we have it to
wear with the spear pretty much is a
kilo I think that's how you say name
like I'm sorry if I butcher her name but
she transforms into a spear like she is
literally a spear and she stops herself
from stabbing into Marya and killing her
and it's kind of shocking but I mean we
sold the slow development in her
character to where she wouldn't want to
hurt Marya but to see how mario once
again was saved and she was offered
another warning she should just you know
count herself lucky like if I was in
largest situation I'd be like okay I'm
done I'm dying my life has already been
saved like three times I just need to
back the up and just you know will
live as a recluse that's what I would do
after just having a warning like that
like three times in a row so hopefully
Moria might eventually change her mind
up there in the high heavens or maybe
you know there might be a tragic ending
maybe she might die at the end of the
series I have no idea so that's pretty
much the episode I mean there was a lot
of fighting going on he's get to see the
selfish nature of human beings how they
continue to fight and stuff like that
a really cool animation especially on
some of these fighting segments of this
episode I think was done really proper
and it actually beats some animation
I've seen from other anime from this
season which is quite surprising so tell
me your thoughts how do you feel about
this episode
Mario the version which did you enjoy
did you hate it was your favorite
moments about it I love you all so much
you have a wonderful day or night
wherever you live please be safe she be
out